If you're familiar with what the hell it is to go to a football game, now it's a freshman, don't you?
Mm-hmm.
You know, they always get paired up in some softball.
They're encouraging you to yell your guts out and all that kind of stuff.
Well, we finally figured that out, what we'd do.
We'd march in over there, my roommate and I. We'd just turn around and walk back through the crowd and come back and get in a sack over at Hart Hall and listen to it on the radio.
and then by the time the game is over, we get the uniform back on, go out, meet everyone coming back and say, yeah, we'll get them next time.
But you finally just learn how to make big circles around that undesirable stuff.
All right, let's make believe now that somebody gives you a very, very large check.
And the only condition is you've got to give it to Texas A&M
for the benefit of whatever is your favorite or are your favorite causes, purposes, what would it be?
What do you care most about at A&M now?
That too is a hard one.
It's real easy to say the library because it becomes sort of an archival place where you sort of feel like it's sort of a repository where
Things could be kept on a little bit of a permanent basis.
If you give money to the administration, you fear they'll just be squandered on something.
There's no trail left behind on what became of the money.
You might just hire some other administrator to come in and suck up all the money.
So I think everyone who gives a contribution sort of likes to feel like it's something of lasting value.
And in this question, you can specify what it is.
That's why I say sort of the library sort of thing.
And I think A&M falls way short in recognizing his past and his heritage like it should.
And I think that's why so many of the old-timers do support the library.
It's sort of like to feel like there's a place where you have something that could be developed and they've expanded some.
I think Colonel Sam
not Colonel, I want to say Colonel Chicken, Sam Houston Sanders gave some money to the Corps Center, and I think that's sort of a step in the right direction.
I'm not sure exactly how that building is used.
I don't understand its philosophy very much, but having a place like that where some memories could be shared and kept and shown is fine.
I think the next thing people want to say, well, if
It'd really be nice to have some money to give some to a bunch of students who are really hardship students.
But there are so many programs now for hardship students.
I don't know if you really need much in addition to that.
And it's a very hard thing to figure out because the university usually will want to go toward kids that have real good grades as opposed to real good kids.
All right, last thing.
What feelings do you hold in your heart for A&M today?
I feel very fortunate to have gone and been a part of A&M as a student and as a faculty member and always will.